Add info on soft memory limits (#3672)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-production.md

The CPU and memory limits above account for the fact that Dapr is intended to support a high number of I/O bound operations. It is strongly recommended that you use a monitoring tool to get a baseline for the sidecar (and app) containers and tune these settings based on those baselines.

> ### Setting Soft Memory Limits to Dapr Sidecar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting soft memory limits on Dapr sidecar
```

> It is recommended to set soft memory limits to the sidecar when you have set up memory limits. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to set soft memory limits on the Dapr sidecar when you have set up memory limits. 
```

> This will allow the sidecar garbage collector to free up memory when the memory usage is above the limit instead of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows the sidecar garbage collector to free up memory when the memory usage is above the limit instead of 
```

> waiting to be double of the last amount of memory present in the heap when it was run which is the default behavior 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
waiting to be double of the last amount of memory present in the heap when it was run, which is the default behavior 
```

> waiting to be double of the last amount of memory present in the heap when it was run and that is the default behavior 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
waiting to be double of the last amount of memory present in the heap when it was run which is the default behavior 
```

> of the [garbage collector](https://tip.golang.org/doc/gc-guide#Memory_limit) used in Go, and that can lead to OOM Kill events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the [garbage collector](https://tip.golang.org/doc/gc-guide#Memory_limit) used in Go, and can lead to OOM Kill events.
```

> For example, for an app with app-id `nodeapp`, if you have set your memory limit to be 1000Mi as mentioned above, you can use the following in your pod annotations:

Reviewer: Mentioned above where? 
Or do you just mean "if you have set your memory limit to be 1000Mi  you can use the following in your pod annotations"

Author: For `above`, I meant on the example a few lines above where it talks about production-ready setup.

```
Example settings for the Dapr sidecar in a production-ready setup:
| CPU | Memory |
|-----|--------|
| Limit: 300m, Request: 100m | Limit: 1000Mi, Request: 250Mi
```

```yaml
  annotations:
    dapr.io/enabled: "true"
    dapr.io/app-id: "nodeapp"
    # our daprd memory settings
    dapr.io/sidecar-memory-limit: "1000Mi"   # your memory limit
    dapr.io/env: "GOMEMLIMIT=900MiB"         # 90% of your memory limit. Also notice the suffix "MiB" instead of "Mi"
```

> Here we have set up the soft limit to be 90% as recommended on the link above (they recommend to leave 5-10% for other services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the soft limit has been set to be 90% as recommended in [garbage collector tips](https://tip.golang.org/doc/gc-guide#Memory_limit) where it is recommend to leave 5-10% for other services.
```

> `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable [allows](https://pkg.go.dev/runtime) certain suffixes for the memory size: `B, KiB, MiB, GiB, and TiB.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable [allows](https://pkg.go.dev/runtime) certain suffixes for the memory size: `B, KiB, MiB, GiB, and TiB.`
```
